Created a JSON (Guide), Sharding (Resource) and Troubleshooting Page Update (#278)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/resources/troubleshooting.md

- `Random Guy`: Allright, thank you! I will wait patiently!
- `Shiro`: You're welcome, Random Guy.

### The Translation Feature Doesn't Work
**The 1st Reason**\
There's no translation support for your language yet. You should wait patiently for it, or if you speak English well, you can translate our app yourself!\

> If you want to, go to our [support server](https://discord.gg/botdesigner) and create a ticket (using the `!new` command). You'll have to send your application for the Translator role there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's no translation support for your language yet. You should wait patiently for them, or if you speak English well, you can help to translate our app yourself!\
If you would like to help, go to our [support server](https://discord.gg/botdesigner) and create a ticket (using the `!new` command). You can then apply for the Translator role there by asking support for it.
```

**The 2nd Reason**\
Our app's Translation Feature trying to find a translation by your main system language.\

> So, for example, if you have English as your main system language and Russian as your second system language, the app will stay in English.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your main system language is incorrect.\
Our app uses the main system language for translations and it disregards any secondary languages.\
So, for example, if you have English as your main system language and Russian as your second system language, the app will stay in English.
```
